installation update (#27)
force-h2020/force-docs: docs/source/using/installation.rst

.. code-block:: console

    edm install -e bootstrap -y click setuptools

Note that 'bootstrap' can be replaced by any name to the same effect. Now you can enter
``bootstrap`` with,

.. code-block:: console

    edm shell -e bootstrap

and your shell prompt is prefixed with ``(bootstrap)``.

The BDSS Runtime Environment
----------------------------

.. _bdss-environment-ref:

Although repositories (BDSS, etc) are installed *from* the ``bootstrap`` environment, they are
installed *into* a separate environment, within which the BDSS and the Workflow Manager will
actually run. Thus this environment has also to be created before installation. To do this
first cd into the cloned force-bdss respository,

.. code-block:: console

    ~/Force-Project (bootstrap)$ cd force-bdss

and then,

.. code-block:: console

    ~/Force-Project/force-bdss (bootstrap)$ python -m ci build-env

This creates a environment called ``force-pyXX``, where ``XX`` refers to the python version that
the environment runs (e.g. ``force-py36`` for python 3.6) . You will now see it in the list of EDM environments,

.. code-block:: console

    (bootstrap)$ edm environments list

>     >> * bootstrap     cpython  3.6.9+2  win_x86_64  msvc2015  ~\.edm\envs\edm

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
    >> * bootstrap     cpython  3.6.9+2  win_x86_64  msvc2015  ~\.edm\envs\bootstrap
```

Installation
============

The BDSS, the Workflow Manager and all plugins can be cloned from the
`Force 2020 github respositories <https://github.com/force-h2020>`_.
For the BDSS and Workflow Manager,

.. code-block:: console

    git clone https://github.com/force-h2020/force-bdss
    git clone https://github.com/force-h2020/force-wfmanager

This tutorial uses the Enthought-Example and Nevergrad plugins as examples,

.. code-block:: console

    git clone https://github.com/force-h2020/force-bdss-plugin-enthought-example
    git clone https://github.com/force-h2020/force-bdss-plugin-nevergrad

Enthought Deployment Manager
----------------------------

> The BDSS, the Workflow Manager and plugins must be installed through the `Enthought Deployment
> Manager (EDM) <https://www.enthought.com/enthought-deployment-manager/>`_, a python environment and
> package manager similar to Anaconda. For new users it is worth examining EDM's
> `documentation <http://docs.enthought.com/edm/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BDSS, the Workflow Manager and plugins must be installed through the `Enthought Deployment
Manager (EDM) <https://www.enthought.com/enthought-deployment-manager/>`_, a python virtual environment and
package manager. For new users it is worth examining EDM's
`documentation <http://docs.enthought.com/edm/>`_.
```

To install EDM, follow the instructions specific to your operating system
`,here <https://docs.enthought.com/edm/installation.html>`_.

Once EDM is installed enter the EDM shell,

.. code-block:: console

    edm shell

and install the default ``edm`` environment,

.. code-block:: console

    edm install -y click setuptools

You are now in the ``edm`` environment and your shell prompt is prefixed

> with ``(edm)``.

Reviewer: I think we could take the opportunity to change these instructions and create a bootstrap environment called `bootstrap`, rather than `edm`.

It removes the `(edm)` environment vs `edm` package manager that has confused users (including me) in the past, and is more in line with our development instructions in other projects.

The installation instruction then just becomes:

`edm install -e bootstrap -y click setuptools`

and the bash shell prompts go to `(bootstrap)`

Repository Installation
-----------------------

``edm`` is the 'bootstrap' environment, used to install the cloned respositories.
For each respository in turn, cd into its directory and then install it with
``python -m ci install``. i.e.,

.. code-block:: console

    ~/Force-Project/force-bdss (edm)$ python -m ci install

    ~/Force-Project/force-bdss (edm)$ cd ../force-wfmanager
    ~/Force-Project/force-wfmanager (edm)$ python -m ci install

    ~/Force-Project/force-wfmanager (edm)$ cd ../force-bdss-plugin-enthought-example
    ~/Force-Project/force-bdss-plugin-enthought-example (edm)$ python -m ci install

    ~/Force-Project/force-wfmanager (edm)$ cd ../force-bdss-plugin-nevergrad
    ~/Force-Project/force-bdss-plugin-nevergrad (edm)$ python -m ci install

>     ...etc

Reviewer: These packages need to be installed inside the `force-py36` environment, so this section ("Repository Installation") should go after "The BDSS Runtime Environment"
